---
title: MoeGo Pay
slug: moego-pay
date_published: 1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
date_updated: 2023-02-06T22:30:58.000Z
draft: true
---

MoeGo’s in-house payment processor allows you to take payments in-app for one seamless checkout flow. Everything processed within MoeGo will be tracked, and directly deposited into the financial account you link. 

MoeGo pay offers exclusive features to help secure revenue and reduce loss. 

**SPECIAL** **FEATURES:**
POS
Prepayment/Deposit
Card on File
Smart Tips
Processing Fee by client
Send invoice
Integrated Card Reader
24/7 Live Support
Secure Processing 

### POS

**MoeGo Pay **is your point-of-sale (also known as POS) system. It will calculate your customer's total service amount, add tax, add additional fees, and (securely) process the payment. This is all within your MoeGo account so you do not need to do anything manually. 

### Prepayment/Deposit

**[MoeGo Prepayment ](prepayment)**is a feature that allows businesses to secure payment for service upon booking. This helps merchants lock in future revenue in advance.

With prepayment or deposits, customers must pay a deposit or even the total amount before submitting an online booking request. Everything is customizable so you can choose what is best for your business. 

When a customer submits the booking and pays the prepaid amount, the payment will be frozen in the client's bank account. Once the business accepts the booking request, the prepaid amount will be transferred to the business' bank account.

This feature allows businesses to receive the deposit or even the full amount as soon as the appointment is accepted.

### 
Card on File

Saving a [card on file](__GHOST_URL__/moego-card-on-file/) has become a norm for pet businesses. It guarantees that you still earn your revenue when last-minute cancellations and no-shows happen, and on the other hand, ensures a faster checkout experience for both you and your clients. With MoeGo Pay it's easy for you to update your 'card on file' status and one-click request! You can require this for all of your customers, whether they are new or existing. 

### Smart Tips

With MoeGo Pay you cannot only customized tipping settings, but you can also optimize your tip revenue by enabling flexible tip rates based on ticket prices. [Smart Tips](__GHOST_URL__/smart-tip/) enables you to customize 3 default tipping options and highlight the preferred one on the customer end. What makes it SMART is that tipping options can change with ticket prices. Present tips by percentage for higher ticket prices, and by a fixed amount for lower ones, or use your own creativity there!

- Customize tips by rate or amount
- Customize preferred rate or amount
- Customize 2 sets of tips rate with a threshold

*(Estimated 20% increase of your regular tips revenue 😄)*

### 
Processing Fee by client

The [processing fee](__GHOST_URL__/add-a-convenience-fee-for-credit-card-payments/) can be easily added to the invoice at checkout in MoeGo with MoeGo Pay. It consists of two parts, a percentage and a fixed amount for each transaction, both of which can be passed to the client's side. Once configured the fee rate, the exact fees will be calculated for transactions automatically and ready to be applied at checkout.

This may not be applicable depending on where you are located. Please check your state's rules and regulations. 

### 
Send invoice

With MoeGo Pay you are able to send the final invoice to your customer. This is simply done in the messaging center or directly on the appointment. The customer will get a link that directs them to a web page where they can enter their credit card information to pay the applicable bill. 

### 
Integrated Card Reader

If you want to take credit card payments in person, we also have card readers that are integrated with MoeGo Pay. You are able to integrate a c[ard reader or a touchscreen card reader](https://www.moego.shop/), whichever you prefer. 

### 
24/7 Live Support

One of the best parts about MoeGo Pay is the 24/7 live support. There is a human who you can chat with any time of day if you run into an issue with any of the MoeGo Pay features. You do not need to write in a complaint and wait for someone to respond, we are always here for you to make sure that your business is running smoothly at all hours! 

### 
Secure Processing 

Last but certainly not least, MoeGo Pay is run through Stripe which is certified to the highest industry standards and has obtained regulatory licenses around the world.

### How to set up MoeGo Pay?

[Read our step-by-step walkthrough on how to get set up with MoeGo Pay Today!  ](__GHOST_URL__/set-up-moego-pay/)

### Why use MoeGo Pay vs Square?

more integrated and we have dedicated features that we build specifically for pet professionals. Features such as **Prepayment/Deposits**, **Smart Tips**, **Processing fee to clients**, and **24/7 Live Support** are specifically for MoeGo Pay and cannot be done in Square. In the future, we will continue to add features specifically for MoeGo Pay to make pet professionals' lives easier.  
